docs(bug triage): add a doc about bug triaging procedures (#113)
spinnaker/governance: sig-bug-triage-process.md

## SIG Bug Triage Process

SIGs should be triaging the issues with their matching label during every SIG
meeting. You can view
[a list of recently filed issues](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/labels/sig%2Fplatform)

> on GitHub to and click through the ones filed since your last meeting. (That

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on GitHub to click through the ones filed since your last meeting. (That
```

link shows issues for the Platform SIG, but you can easily edit the filter from
there.)

Each issue should have one of three outcomes:

1.  **Assigned to a user or added to an actively-maintained GitHub project.** An

>     actively-maintained project has a team a people who are using it to plan

Reviewer 2: s/a people/of people

    future work. If you assign it to a project, you should also add the

>     `no-lifecycle` tag so that Spinnakerbot doesn't automatically close it.

Reviewer 3: I'm hesitant to add `no-lifecycle` to all these issues.

I'd obviously rather have the question be moot, by having all issues that are assigned to a person or project be resolved within 90-day autoclose window.  But in the case that something gets triaged/assigned and has no updates for 90 days, it sort of does seem reasonable to auto-close it (which at least will send out notifications that the issue is stale) vs just having it be part of an ever-increasing backlog.

Reviewer: +1 hesitant, agree it's good for cleanup.

If we want to lean into the project-based approach, we could have a new workflow that would pull the issue back out of the project / un-assign it and then it'd be available for triage again. At that point, it could be a human discussion of if whether it'd be worth keeping open or not.

Author: Okay, I removed that sentence.

1.  **Marked with the label "contributions welcome".** This is an indicator that
    we don't know anyone who will be working on the issue, but we would be
    interested in discussing it further if a contributor could be found. Please
    also add a message to the bug describing the situation:

    > Thanks for filing the issue. Unfortunately, no one is available to work on
    > this at the moment, but we welcome contributions from our community.
    > Before starting work on it, we'd strongly encourage you to discuss your
    > plans here or on the SIG's [slack channel](https://join.spinnaker.io/).

>     Also add the tag `beginner friendly` if it applies. Add `no-lifecycle` if

Reviewer 3: I think that @maggieneterval made spinnakerbot ignore `beginner friendly` tasks so that we don't auto-close these and can keep a pool of good first tasks.

Author: I didn't really mean for those two sentences to go together. I reordered them and hopefully it makes more sense now.

## SIG Bug Triage Process

> SIGs should be triaging the issues with their matching label during every SIG

Reviewer 4: Minor:
Prefer not to say "should". Better to say "...will triage issues with..." or else describe the expectations: "Time permitting, SIGs will triage..."

meeting. You can view
[a list of recently filed issues](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/labels/sig%2Fplatform)
on GitHub to click through the ones filed since your last meeting. (That link
shows issues for the Platform SIG, but you can easily edit the filter from
there.)

> Each issue should have one of three outcomes:

Reviewer 4: Same comment here, about "should".

1.  **Assigned to a user or added to an actively-maintained GitHub project.** An
    actively-maintained project has a team of people who are using it to plan
    future work.

1.  **Marked with the label "contributions welcome".** This is an indicator that
    we don't know anyone who will be working on the issue, but we would be
    interested in discussing it further if a contributor could be found. Please

>     also add a message to the bug describing the situation:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    also add a message to the issue describing the situation:
```

    > Thanks for filing the issue. Unfortunately, no one is available to work on
    > this at the moment, but we welcome contributions from our community.

>     > Before starting work on it, we'd strongly encourage you to discuss your

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    > We strongly encourage you to discuss your 
```

>     > plans here or on the SIG's \[slack channel](https://join.spinnaker.io/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    > plans here or on the SIG's \[slack channel](https://join.spinnaker.io/) before you start workin on the issue.
```

>     Add the `no-lifecycle` tag if the issue represents a bug that shouldn't be

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

>     automatically closed just because no one is available to fix it right now.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
By default, each issue is closed automatically after enough time passes with no one available to fix it. If the issue needs to remain open, add the `no-lifecycle` tag, which prevents it from being closed.```

    Add the tag `beginner friendly` if it looks like an issue that a new
    contributor could help with, which will also prevent it from being
    automatically closed.

1.  **Closed.** There are a few reasons why you might close a bug.

    If it appears to be a request for support and not a genuine bug, please
    close it with a message like this:

    > Thanks for filing this issue. It looks like this might be a request for
    > help rather than a bug. In that case, you're probably better off looking
    > for answers \[from our Slack community](https://join.spinnaker.io/), since
    > there is a larger pool of users there. Use the search functionality to
    > find users who have a similar experience, or post a message in \`#general`
    > or another related channel.

    Alternately, this might be a bug with no reproduction steps and not enough
    details to warrant a proper investigation. In that case, consider a response
    like the following:

>     > Thanks for filing the issue. We aren't able to determine what the cause of

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    > Thanks for filing the issue. We can't determine the cause of
```

>     > the issue is, and there aren't enough steps to reproduce for us to

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    > the issue without steps to reproduce or
```

    > recreate it ourselves. Unfortunately, this means we have to close the

>     > issue. Please reopen it with some steps to reproduce if you are able.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    > issue. Please reopen it with some steps to reproduce if you can.
```
